📝 `Marketplace`: Updates Stripe docs in README (#1604)
zinc-collective/convene: app/furniture/marketplace/docs/README.md

---
flowchart LR
  A([Shopper]) -- goes to Checkout Page --> B[Checkout] -- directs to --> C[Distributor] --> D[Payment Processor]
```

2. `Shopper` creates a `Checkout`, which directs them to the `Distributor`'s Payment Processor (Stripe, for now).

```mermaid
---
title: Shopper Completes Checkout
---
flowchart LR
  C[Distributor] --> D[Payment Processor]
  D[Payment Processor] -- payment successful --> D[Payment Processor] -- redirects --> E[Convene Order Page]
```

3. `Shopper` completes the Payment Processor's flow, which directs them back to Convene and updates the `Checkout` with payment processor details.

4. `Shopper` is redirected to the `Order`, which represents the `Cart` to the `Shopper` in a read-only manner.

## Architecture

The Marketplace uses Stripe for online payments. Developers should use the ["Connect then Transfer" workflow](https://stripe.com/docs/connect/collect-then-transfer-guide) as a guide to the overall architectural pattern. At a high level, implementing this pattern boils down to three areas of concern:

1. Build the Workflow for connecting a Stripe Account
  - Currently implemented for Space administrators with a "Connect to Stripe" button

> 2. Checkout with Stripe Checkout, and include the payment_intent_data with a transfer_group: https://stripe.com/docs/api/checkout/sessions/create#create_checkout_session-payment_intent_data-transfer_group

Reviewer: It maybe easier to see payment_intent_data and transfer_group if it was quoted.
```suggestion
2. Checkout with Stripe Checkout, and include the `payment_intent_data` with a `transfer_group`: https://stripe.com/docs/api/checkout/sessions/create#create_checkout_session-payment_intent_data-transfer_group
```

First, let's create and configure a Stripe account for testing:
1. [Sign up](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register)
  - Consider using a different email from your personal email. Eg, `my.name+stripedev@gmail.com`.
  - Since you will only be using Stripe to test, you won't have to pay anything
1. When logged into your Stripe account, turn on `Test mode` in the top right of the dashboard.
  ![Turn on Stripe test mode](stripe_test_mode.png)

For the "Connect to Stripe" flow to work, you will need to have a local development URL that is recognized by Stripe as "reachable". One way to do this is:
1. Add `127.0.0.1 convene.local` to your `/etc/hosts`
1. Access the app locally through `convene.local:3000`, instead of `localhost`
1. Optionally, add `convene.local` as the `branded_domain` to whatever Space you are using for testing, to shorten the URL you use to access it

Next, add your secret API key:
1. Click on the `Developers` button next to `Test mode` in the top right of your Stripe dasbhoard
1. Find your `Secret key` and copy it
1. Paste the key into `Api token` field on your Stripe Utility settings page

>   - http://convene.local:3000/spaces/<space_name>/utilities/<utiltiy_id>/edit

Reviewer: is this supposed to render as a partial link to help readers quickly jump to the correct page? Or is it supposed to be quoted like so 👇 ?
```suggestion
  - `http://convene.local:3000/spaces/<space_name>/utilities/<utiltiy_id>/edit`
```

> Next, configure Stripe to forward events to a local obtain a webhook secret key via the stripe cli:

Reviewer: did you mean?
```suggestion
Next, configure Stripe to forward events to local via obtaining a webhook secret key via the stripe cli:
```

> Next, configure Stripe to forward events to a local obtain a webhook secret key via the stripe cli:

Author: ```suggestion
Next, using the stripe cli, configure Stripe to forward events to your local environment by obtainining a webhook secret key:
```

1. Install [`stripe` cli](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-cli) if you haven't already

> 1. Find the `--foward-to` url for your marketplace so by using by printing the value of  `polymorphic_url(marketplace.location(child: :stripe_events))` from within a controller or view debug session

Reviewer: did you mean?
```suggestion
1. Find the `--foward-to` url for your marketplace by printing the value of  `polymorphic_url(marketplace.location(child: :stripe_events))` from within a controller or view debug session
```

>   - Eg, from view: `<%- debug polymorphic_url(marketplace.location(child: :stripe_events)) %>`

Reviewer: E.g. is a Latin abbreviation that stands for “exempli gratia,” which translates to “for the sake of example.”
```suggestion
  - E.g., from view: `<%- debug polymorphic_url(marketplace.location(child: :stripe_events)) %>`
```

Author: #1, yep good catch. 
#2, also good catch! Yes, the code should be an example of printing the value to the screen.

  - [Read more](https://stripe.com/docs/webhooks/test#webhook-test-cli)
1. Set stripe event forwarding to this url by executing: `$ stripe listen --forward-to <YOUR_FORWARD_TO_URL>`
1. Copy the webhook signing secret from the output. The output from the above command should look something like:
```
> Ready! You are using Stripe API Version [2022-11-15]. Your webhook signing secret is whsec_***** (^C to quit)
```
1. Update the marketplace settings directly in the database by adding the `stripe_webhook_endpoint_secret` to `public.furnitures.settings`

> Finally, let's connect!

Reviewer: I got lost here. what are we connecting? A Standard account in Stripe to convene local?

Author: Right, that's not very explanatory. How about [this](https://github.com/zinc-collective/convene/pull/1604/files#r1245669457 ) instead.

> Finally, let's connect!

Author: ```suggestion
Finally, let's setup a Standard Connected account in Stripe and then connect that account to the Stripe utility in our locally running application  
```

> 1. First, create a Connected account within Stripe by visiting [https://dashboard.stripe.com/test/connect/accounts/overview](https://dashboard.stripe.com/test/connect/accounts/overview) and clicking the `Create` button

Reviewer: I got stuck here. Turns out there are 2 create buttons. `Create v` in the top menu and `+ Create` in the "Connected accounts" section. 

![plus create button](https://github.com/zinc-collective/convene/assets/16140873/b0efcbb0-ec3f-4b5f-825b-c0acdfaf71df)

```suggestion
1. First, create a Connected account within Stripe by visiting [https://dashboard.stripe.com/test/connect/accounts/overview](https://dashboard.stripe.com/test/connect/accounts/overview) and clicking the `+ Create` button in the "Connected accounts" section.
```

Author: Nice catch! Let's add the image, too!

  - You might name this account something like `<Space_Name> Dev`
  - [Learn more](https://stripe.com/docs/connect)

> 1. Follow instructions for creating a `Standard account`

Reviewer: Are these the correct instructions?
```suggestion
1. Follow [instructions](https://stripe.com/docs/connect/standard-accounts) for creating a `Standard account`
```

Author: "follow the UI flow prompts" is the language I was looking for. Nice!

> 1. Follow instructions for creating a `Standard account`

Author: ```suggestion
1. Follow the UI prompost for creating a `Standard account` 
```

> 1. Once your new Connected account is setup, go back into the app, visit `http://convene.local:3000/spaces/<space_name>/rooms/store/marketplaces/<furniture_id>/edit` and click the `Connect to Stripe` button

Reviewer: And then what? is there a success message? how do I know it worked? Do I try to buy an item from a marketplace and see the transaction in stripe?
